hi I am Mike the Moluccas a lung machine
but you ought to do that because I'm
super famous ever since I turned into
awesome tough enough audition video I'm
in the talk of my territory I've been
getting a lot more work in places like
ultimate garbage wrestling MMA shorts
and kick pads on the ground and my
personal home fed the dumpster fire
wrestling alliance I've also gotten a
lot of emails from kids all over the
country asking how they can be a
successful wrestler like myself well
kids there's only one mic double of acid
Love Machine
but if you follow these instructions on
these tips you might get close maybe
conditioning let me tell you my opinion
wait up for Schmucks not everyone gives
me at John Cena or a Hulk Hogan the
wrestling world needs more haystacks
Calhoun you know what I'm saying the
only exercise I do is Danny P oh yeah
well that would be true if I actually
owned the DVDs but luckily I'm selling a
box on my Ma's old yoga DVDs and I was
able to a DDP them up a bit alright I've
been doing pelvic stretches for 30
minutes and I'm feeling ripped man feel
the bang
next yeah gotta study tape I'll be fair
to classic so I'm not busy copying moves
I saw video games
I'm binge watching the WWE Network but I
want to take a notes during weapons
matches and during the times the maximum
guys use their finishers I got it
rock bottom into a powerbomb into an
anaconda vise into a chair shot into a
dick kick the best go home ever up next
training finally got promos every good
wrestler knows how to cut a good promo
if they can't talk I'm sorry your dong
take my advice get comfortable with
promos like practicing in front of a
bathroom mirror every night try
different voices and characters to find
out what fits you best
well let me tell you something brother I
have a particular set of skills
boom so that's pretty much how you
become a good pro wrestler a few more
quick tips first listen to better advice
only when it's things you'd like to hear
second of all bring condiments from home
for that hot dog you get at the end of
the show and third be sure to
aggressively defend yourself online at
all times
this is Mike the Maleficent love machine
and I'll see you when I get caught up
the tuff enuf
what's that what do you mean this shows
already halfway over